Revamped Docker images documentation (#144)
payara/Payara-Community-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/documentation/ecosystem/docker-images/server-image-overview.adoc

|`AS_ADMIN_MASTERPASSWORD`| The master password to pass to Payara Server. This is overridden if one is specified in the `$PASSWORD_FILE`| `changeit`
|===

[[executing-admin-commands-domain-startup]]
=== Executing Administration Commands at Domain Startup

It’s possible to run a set of custom administration commands during the domain startup. You can either specify the `PREBOOT_COMMANDS` or `POSTBOOT_COMMANDS` environment variables to point to the absolute path of a custom script file, or you can just copy the file to the expected paths (See above).

For example, the following sample command will execute all commands listed in the `post-boot-commands.asadmin` file inside the `/local/path/with/boot/file` directory mounted volume:

[source, shell]
----
docker run -p 8080:8080 -v /local/path/with/boot/file:/config -e POSTBOOT_COMMANDS=/config/post-boot-commands.asadmin payara/server-full
----

Alternatively, the same outcome can be achieved by defining a custom Docker image:

[source, Docker]
----
FROM payara/server-full
COPY post-boot-commands.asadmin $POSTBOOT_COMMANDS
----

[[executing-custom-scripts-before-domain-startup]]
=== Executing Custom Scripts before Domain Startup

> If preboot command files are not enough, you can add your own customized shell scripts to the `${SCRIPT_DIR}` directory, which will allow you to modify the environment before the Payara Server domain starts. 
> 
> Scripts added to this folder should be named with the following convention:
> 
> ----
> init_<num>_<text>.sh 
> ----
> * `<num>` is a positive integer that allows you to set the order in which the scripts are run.
> * `<text>` is a descriptive help text that summarizes what the script does.
> 
> NOTE: Be aware that the default deploy command script (`init_1_generate_deploy_commands.sh`) also uses follows this convention, so custom scripts should start with number 2.
> 
> As with the preboot command file, you may either create a custom Docker image that already contains the script files in question or you can also mount a volume mapped to the `${SCRIPT_DIR}` directory instead.

Reviewer: I would only document putting the custom scripts into the config/init.d directory and not directly to the config directory. It's cleaner and also sufficient. I propose to change this whole section as follows:

```suggestion
If preboot command files are not enough, you can add your own customized shell scripts to the `${SCRIPT_DIR}/init.d` directory. This will allow you to modify the environment before the Payara Server domain starts. 

Scripts added to this folder should be https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/[Bash] scripts and they should end with the `.sh` suffix.

TIP: Scripts in `${SCRIPT_DIR}/init.d` will be executed in the standard file order. If you need to start them in specific order, we recommend to prepend a number prefix to their name, for example `01_script1.sh`, `02_script2.sh`.

As with the preboot command file, you may either create a custom Docker image that already contains the script files in question or you can also mount a volume mapped to the `${SCRIPT_DIR}/init.d` directory instead.
```

Author: I agree with your suggestion, @OndroMih, but the current script in the image allows both options:

```
for f in ${SCRIPT_DIR}/init_* ${SCRIPT_DIR}/init.d/*; do
      case "$f" in
        *.sh)  echo "[Entrypoint] running $f"; . "$f" ;;
        *)     echo "[Entrypoint] ignoring $f" ;;
      esac
      echo
done
```

So I'm confused on whether to state that both are supported but only one is the recommended one.

[[default-entrypoint]]
=== The Default Docker Entrypoint

The default entry point of the Docker image is defined using the https://github.com/krallin/tini[tini utility], to allow the DAS's JVM to run as a single child process. 

The default `CMD` argument for _tini_ runs the `bin/entrypoint.sh` shell script in `exec` mode, which in turn runs the following scripts in order:

. `${SCRIPT_DIR}/init_1_generate_deploy_commands.sh`: This script outputs deploy commands to the post-boot command file located at `$POSTBOOT_COMMANDS` (default `$CONFIG_DIR/post-boot-commands.asadmin`). If deploy commands are already found in that file, this script does nothing.

> . `${SCRIPT_DIR}/init_*.sh`: As described above, these scripts can be provided by you to run and configure the environment *before* domain startup.

Reviewer: Also change `${SCRIPT_DIR}/init_*.sh` to `${SCRIPT_DIR}/init.d/*.sh`:

```suggestion
. `${SCRIPT_DIR}/init.d/*.sh`: As described above, these scripts can be provided by you to run and configure the environment *before* domain startup.
```
